---
layout: center
title: Alternative Gift Mart  -  Chapel Hill Friends Meeting
permalink: /alternativegiftmart.html
---
<h1>
{% assign agm_string = "Alternative Gift Mart 2024" | split: '' %}
{% for item in agm_string %}<span style="color: {% cycle '#9E59D9', '#D874A6', '#DCA26D', '#DDD683', '#8FC986', '#609BD8'%}">{{ item }}</span>{% endfor %}
</h1>

Thank you for visiting our page! If you are making donations electronically,
please fill in [this Google doc form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdQ4IeRGVeaNEvRTXG2E16JgDIVosjrBKohERuZCJG6hhE4kg/viewform)
so the Youth will know how much they have raised on behalf of each charity. If
you would prefer, you may write out checks to each charity and send them all
together to the meetinghouse address
(see [bottom ofpage](alternativegiftmart#other-information)) and the Youth will take care of
forwarding them to the organizations. Lastly, if you would like any handmade
cards that we’ve provided in year’s past, please email
[AltGiftMart@chapelhillfriends.org](mailto:altgiftmart@chapelhillfriends.org)
with your request.

_Our CHFM youth group recommends:_

## Interfaith Council for Social Service

The Inter-Faith Council for Social Service meets basic needs and helps
individuals and families in the Chapel Hill/Carrboro community achieve their
goals. The IFC provide shelter, food, direct services, advocacy and information
to people in need. They accomplish this through strong partnerships with
volunteers, staff and those they serve. IFC programs include the Community
Kitchen, Food Pantry, Community House (shelter for homeless men), Homestart
(shelter for women and children), Support Circles and others.

Want to learn more about the Interfaith Council? Click here:
[https://www.ifcweb.org](https://www.ifcweb.org){:target="_blank"}

Ready to donate? Click here: [https://ifcweb.z2systems.com/np/clients/ifcweb/survey.jsp?surveyId=2&](https://ifcweb.z2systems.com/np/clients/ifcweb/survey.jsp?surveyId=2&){:target="_blank"}

## Alamance-Orange Prison Ministry

Alamance-Orange Prison Ministry provides and promotes spiritual comfort and
growth to the men assigned to Orange Correctional Center through services
rendered by a full-time community funded Chaplain. The Ministry strives to
better prepare OCC residents with skills, abilities and motivation to
successfully reintegrate into their communities and families upon release and,
where possible, provide encouragement and support to those receiving them. This
is to be accomplished by connecting all concerned to available resources to be
found at OCC and in the surrounding community.

Want to learn more about Alamance-Orange Prison Ministry? Click here:
[https://aoprisonministry.org](https://aoprisonministry.org){:target="_blank"}

Ready to donate? Click here:
[https://aoprisonministry.org/give](https://aoprisonministry.org/give){:target="_blank"}

## Quaker House

Quaker House is a manifestation of the Friends' Peace Testimony.  Based in
Fayetteville, NC, home of Ft. Bragg, Quaker House provides counseling and
support to service members who are questioning their role in the military;
educates them, their families, and the public about military issues; and
advocates for a more peaceful world. Quaker House was started by Friends from
the Chapel Hill and Durham Meetings.

Want to learn more about Quaker House? Click here:
[https://quakerhouse.org](https://quakerhouse.org){:target="_blank"}

Ready to donate? Click here:
[https://quakerhouse.org/donate](https://quakerhouse.org/donate){:target="_blank"}

## American Friends Service Committee

The American Friends Service Committee (AFSC) envisions a world in which lasting
peace with justice is achieved through active nonviolence and the transforming
power of love. Its many programs include war refugee relief, community
peace-building, reconciliation and healing, immigrant rights, prison reform,
economic justice, and ending discrimination in all of its forms.

Want to learn more about American Friends Service Committee? Click here:
[https://www.afsc.org/](https://www.afsc.org/){:target="_blank"}

Ready to donate? Click here:
[https://secure.afsc.org/a/24rr_d?ms=WEB25NV](https://secure.afsc.org/a/24rr_d?ms=WEB25NV){:target="_blank"}

## Ramallah Friends School (RFS)

Guided by Quaker principles and values, enriched by being in Palestine, and
strengthened by collaboration within the school community and with external
partnerships, Ramallah Friends School (RFS) offers children and youth with an
academically rigorous, balanced, engaging and inclusive learning environment of
the highest quality standard, every day. We inspire our students to become a
living expression of a spiritual life, and be in constant search for God in all
human situations.  By doing so, we nurture confidence and intellectual curiosity
through experiential learning and innovative application of knowledge and
skills, enabling our students to become independent, adaptable but principled,
socially responsible, and internationally-minded citizens. RAMALLAH FRIENDS
SCHOOL strives to be a leading educational institution in the Palestinian
community. The Lower and Upper Schools were founded in 1869 and 1901
respectively, for the purpose of offering Palestinian youth a rigorous program
guided by Quaker principles.

Want to learn more about Ramallah Friends School (RFS)? Click here:
[https://www.rfs.edu.ps/](https://www.rfs.edu.ps/){:target="_blank"}

Ready to donate?  Click here:
[https://www.rfs.edu.ps/en/page/make-a-gift](https://www.rfs.edu.ps/en/page/make-a-gift){:target="_blank"}

## Refugee Support Center (Carrboro)

The Refugee Support Center (RSC) is a volunteer-based organization established
to facilitate the transition of local refugees to a new life in our community by
providing them services, helping them access resources, and developing their
skills to promote self-sufficiency. The recipient of the 2016 North Carolina
Peace Prize, RSC serves approximately 900 local refugees, primarily from Burma,
Democratic Republic of Congo, and Syria.

Want to learn more about the Refugee Support Center? Click here:
[https://refugeesupportcenter.org](https://refugeesupportcenter.org){:target="_blank"}

Ready to donate? Click here:
[https://refugeesupportcenter.org/donate](https://refugeesupportcenter.org/donate){:target="_blank"}

## Bridging the Gap

Our mission is to cultivate our capacities & brighten our communities through
educational opportunities for the descendants of the enslaved in Chapel Hill,
North Carolina. The community holds memory, but not always the resources to tell
its own stories. Chapel Hill-Carrboro Schools have the second-largest
achievement gap in the nation, and Orange County has North Carolina's greatest
wealth gap. We recognize the informational wealth that our community has, and
the historic imbalance in resources to tell these stories. We are  proud of the
independent work that we are doing and of the impact that we have made on our
town. Currently, there is a waiting list for the James Cates Scholars program.
Each scholar participates at a cost of $1,000 to our program. We need equipment
and  technology to support our work.  Your contribution will help us to support,
empower, and make high quality education for the underserved children in our
community a reality. We appreciate each and every gift that we receive and thank
you for your partnership to make it happen.

Want to learn more about Bridging the Gap? Click here:
[https://www.bridgingthegapdmh.org/](https://www.bridgingthegapdmh.org/){:target="_blank"}

Ready to donate?  Click here:
[https://www.bridgingthegapdmh.org/about-1](https://www.bridgingthegapdmh.org/about-1){:target="_blank"}

## Quaker Voluntary Service (QVS)

Quaker Voluntary Service is an experiment at the intersection of
transformational spirituality and activism, a year-long Fellowship program for
young adults.

Want to learn more about Quaker Volunteer Service (QVS)? Click here
[https://quakervoluntaryservice.org/](https://quakervoluntaryservice.org/){:target="_blank"}

Ready to donate?  Click here:
[https://quakervoluntaryservice.org/donate/ways-to-give/](https://quakervoluntaryservice.org/donate/ways-to-give/){:target="_blank"}

## Other Information

If you would prefer, you may write out checks to each charity and send them all together to:

     Attn: Alternative Gift Mart
     c/o Chapel Hill Friends Meeting
     531 Raleigh Road
     Chapel Hill, NC 27514

and the teens will take care of forwarding them to the organizations.

<h1 style="text-align: center; padding: 2.8rem 0 2.2rem">{% assign agm_string = "Happy Holidays!" | split: '' %}{% for item in agm_string %}<span style="color: {% cycle '#9E59D9', '#D874A6', '#DCA26D', '#DDD683', '#8FC986', '#609BD8'%}">{{ item }}</span>{% endfor %}</h1>
