---
layout: default
title: "March 2019"
removeDate: 2019-04-01
---

# March 2019

## _Mar 3_ - Talking About What No One Wants to Talk About

What to do when shots are fired… or when some other emergency happens...in the
Meetinghouse...or wherever you happen to be. We'll share recommendations from
local fire, police, our own months-long research, and responses from each of you
as we discern our next steps. Facilitated by Matt Drake, John Hite and Jan
Hutton. Moderator: Carolyn White

## _Mar 10_ - Yemen, Authorization for the Use of Military Force, and FCNL Advocacy Teams

Tom Munk and Curt Torell will speak about exciting Meeting efforts to make a
global difference by lobbying. Yemen is the world's worst humanitarian crisis,
because of a brutal Saudi-led war, conducted with U.S. support. Tom will share
information about the crisis and about the lobbying efforts of a small group
of Chapel Hill Friends, supported by the Friends Committee on National
Legislation (FCNL). The Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) was
passed soon after the bombing of the World Trade Center in 2001 and gives a
blank check for war-making, which multiple U.S. presidents have abused. By [one
October 2018 count](https://www.quora.com/How-many-wars-is-the-US-currently-involved-in), the U.S. was involved in 26 conflicts, each involving at
least 26 fatalities. The Friends Committee on National Legislation believes this may be the
year to tear up the blank check. Curt will share more information. Curt and Tom
will also share information about the FCNL Advocacy Team training, scheduled
for Saturday morning, March 2, (refreshments at 9:00, training 9:30 - 12:30)
which we hope will make our community even more effective at creating a more
peaceful world through peaceful, Quaker lobbying.

## _Mar 17_ - NO FORUM: Meeting for Worship with Attention to Business (9am)

## _Mar 24_ - The Gift of Being Prepared

Many of us have thought of or started to fill out the paperwork for life
transitions like healthcare power of attorney, end of life care directives, etc.
but few of us have completed the task. What holds us back? This forum will
explore the act of documenting our wishes as both a responsibility and a gift we
give our loved ones so they may focus on celebrating us or grieving us. We want
to hear what you have to say about your personal experiences as you journey
through this process.

## _Mar 31_ -  Personal sharing by Tom McQuiston
